TODO.md, before:

# Website Content Implementation TODOs

This document provides an exhaustive breakdown of every task required to transform the template into your personal professional website.

Complete the first set of tasks in TODO.md. Ignore the rest of tasks


--- COMPLETE ONLY THESE TASKS



--- IGNORE TASKS BELOW HERE






## 💼 Resume Hub (`data/resume.ts`)
- [ ] **PDF Deliverables (`public/resumes/`)**
    - [ ] Add `resume-backend.pdf`
    - [ ] Add `resume-quant.pdf`
    - [ ] Add `resume-web3.pdf`
    - [ ] Add `resume-ai.pdf`
    - [ ] Add `resume-web.pdf`


## Projects

- [ ] Update the information for this project:
    - [ ] **Illuvium Fusion**:
        - [ ] Description:
        - [ ] The Challenge:
        - [ ] The Solution:
        - [ ] Achievements:
        - [ ] Key Metrics:
        - [ ] If there are any articles related to this project, add them as further reading.

- [ ] **Cruzcampo Tapeando**:
    - [ ] Use the following images for this project:
    - [ ] Description:
    - [ ] The Challenge:
    - [ ] The Solution:
    - [ ] Achievements:
    - [ ] Key Metrics:
    - [ ] If there are any articles related to this project, add them as further reading.





- [ ] ChainChampions is missing website.
- [ ] Cruzcampo tapeando project card has no image.
- [ ] Cruzcampo tapeando is missing website.
- [ ] Illuvium fusion is missing website.

Commit message:

Remove privacy policy and terms and conditions

TODO.md, after:

# Website Content Implementation TODOs

This document provides an exhaustive breakdown of every task required to transform the template into your personal professional website.

Complete the first set of tasks in TODO.md. Ignore the rest of tasks


--- COMPLETE ONLY THESE TASKS

- [x] Remove privacy policy and terms of service pages if they exist and remove any links to them.

--- IGNORE TASKS BELOW HERE






## 💼 Resume Hub (`data/resume.ts`)
- [ ] **PDF Deliverables (`public/resumes/`)**
    - [ ] Add `resume-backend.pdf`
    - [ ] Add `resume-quant.pdf`
    - [ ] Add `resume-web3.pdf`
    - [ ] Add `resume-ai.pdf`
    - [ ] Add `resume-web.pdf`


## Projects

- [ ] Update the information for this project:
    - [ ] **Illuvium Fusion**:
        - [ ] Description:
        - [ ] The Challenge:
        - [ ] The Solution:
        - [ ] Achievements:
        - [ ] Key Metrics:
        - [ ] If there are any articles related to this project, add them as further reading.

- [ ] **Cruzcampo Tapeando**:
    - [ ] Use the following images for this project:
    - [ ] Description:
    - [ ] The Challenge:
    - [ ] The Solution:
    - [ ] Achievements:
    - [ ] Key Metrics:
    - [ ] If there are any articles related to this project, add them as further reading.





- [ ] ChainChampions is missing website.
- [ ] Cruzcampo tapeando project card has no image.
- [ ] Cruzcampo tapeando is missing website.
- [ ] Illuvium fusion is missing website.
